[ "JINGLE BELLS" PLAYS ]
HEY, GUYS!
UH, LISTEN, EVERYBODY.
W-WE ONLY HAVE AN HOUR
TO AIR.
HOW COME THE TREE'S
NOT DECORATED YET?
TINSEL! TINSEL!
AH-HA-HA-HA!
CHRISTMAS IN MY BELLY.
[ CHOMPING ]
PUTTING ON OUR LIVE
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL EVERY YEAR
IS A REAL CHALLENGE,
BUT, UH, YOU KNOW,
IT'S ALSO A LOT OF FUN
BECAUSE I GET TO DO IT
WITH ALL MY FRIENDS AND --
OH, OH, OH, OH!
SORRY!
HOT! HOT! HOT!
HOT!!
[ SIGHS ]
OH, KERMIT, LOOKY!
HUH?
I WAS TRYING TO CLEAR BEAKER'S
SINUSES WHEN, LO AND BEHOLD,
I STUMBLED UPON A RUDOLPH
FOR OUR REINDEER SKETCH.
UH, WELL...
[ SCREAMING ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
BUT, BUNSEN, WE DON'T HAVE
A REINDEER SKETCH IN THE SHOW.
OH. HMM.
WELL, THEN,
IT WILL JUST BE
FOR OUR HOLIDAY ENJOYMENT,
RIGHT, BEAKIE?
OH, OH, OH, OH,
OH, OH!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ]
HO...HO...HO!
M-MERRY CHRISTMAS!
[ WAILING ]
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH FOZZIE?
BECKY BROKE UP WITH HIM
THIS MORNING.
OH, NO!
THAT'S HORRIBLE!
YEAH, I KNOW.
SHE BREAKS UP
WITH A GREAT GUY LIKE FOZZIE,
AND YET MY MOTHER
IS STILL WITHKEN.
UGH!
CUT YOUR NAILS, KEN.
YOU'RE NOT
A SPANISH GUITAR PLAYER.
[ SOBBING ]
SORRY, KIDS.
SANTA'S TOO SAD
TO DO THE SHOW TONIGHT.
INSTEAD, HE'S GONNA TRY
TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THE LAST THREE MONTHS
OF HIS LIFE MEANT!
[ WAILING ]
UH...
ANY CHANCE WE CAN PUSH
THE CHRISTMAS SHOW TILL SPRING?
[ SIGHS ]
♪♪
[ DING ]
♪ OOH! ♪
YEAH!
♪ UNH! ♪
HMM. TIME TO
GET THINGS STARTED.
HA HA HA!
[ HUMMING "WE WISH YOU
A MERRY CHRISTMAS" ]
OH. HEY, YOLANDA?
HUH? OOH!
UH, YEAH?
SURPRISE!
I'M YOUR SECRET SANTA!
[ GASPS ]
OH, MY GOD!
A STRAIGHTENING IRON!
I LOVE IT!
[ Chuckling ] YEAH.
I GOT ONE FOR MYSELF, TOO.
SEE?
OOH! FANCY!
15 MINUTES.
WHY PAY SALON PRICES?
[ Laughing ] OH, YOU ARE
SO THOUGHTFUL, SWEETUMS.
THANK YOU.
LAST YEAR, MY NAME
GOT LEFT OUT OF SECRET SANTA.
SO THIS YEAR,
I VOLUNTEERED TO ORGANIZE IT.
YOU KNOW, SO I COULD MAKE SURE
MY NAME WAS IN THE HAT --
ON EVERY SLIP OF PAPER.
♪ IT'S BEGINNING TO LOOK
A LOT LIKE CHRISTMAS ♪
♪ LE-- ♪
HELLO, THERE, YOLANDA.
OH, HELLO.
GUESS
WHO'SYOUR SECRET SANTA.
YOU, DR. HONEYDEW?!
MM-HMM.
WHAT A SURPRISE.
Sam: MISTLETOE.
A SEASONABLY APPROPRIATE WAY
TO FINALLY JUMP-START
MY RELATIONSHIP WITH JANICE.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M HOPING THIS WORKS,
BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR
TO WAIT UNTIL MARCH.
AND NOW...I WAIT.
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
SHOULD HAVE BROUGHT MY KINDLE.
OH, CHEF, YOU'VE BEEN MARRIED
FOR SUCH A LONG TIME.
IF YOUR WIFE LEFT YOU,
DO YOU THINK
YOU COULD LIVE WITHOUT HER?
MMMMMMMM...
CUPPYCAKE?
[ SIGHS ]
MAYBE LATER.
Kermit: HEY, FOZZIE.
MM, OKAY.
WHAT HAPPENED
WITH YOU AND BECKY?
KERMIT, IT'S TERRIBLE!
SHE WANTED TO TALK ABOUT
WHOSE PARENTS
WE WERE GONNA SPEND
CHRISTMAS WITH, AND I SAID,
"I ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET
JERRY SEINFELD'S PARENTS.
LET'S GO THERE!"
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT'S PRETTY FUNNY.
I KNOW, BUT THEN SHE SAID
I NEVER TAKE ANYTHING SERIOUSLY.
OH.
SO I MADE A FUNNY FACE
TO BREAK THE TENSION.
THEN SHE SAID
WE WERE DONE!
OH, FOZZIE, LOOK,
I-I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT YOU'RE GOING THROUGH.
I MEAN, WHEN --
WHEN PIGGY AND I BROKE UP --
I-I-I APPRECIATE YOU
TRYING TO HELP ME, KERMIT,
BUT, TO BE HONEST,
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO BROKE UP WITH PIGGY,
SO YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GOING THROUGH.
UH...
YOU HAVE NO IDEA!
FOZZIE, BUT -- BUT --
BUT WHO'S GONNA PLAY SANTA?
I COULD PLAY SANTA!
HMM?
I'M FILLED
WITH HOLIDAY CHEER!
HEY, KERMIT! WE HAVE AN URGENT
PROBLEM WITH MINDY KALING!
OH, GOOD GRIEF.
KIDS LOVE ME!
[ BAND PLAYS ]
JUST SAYIN'.
♪ IT'S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME
OF THE YEAR ♪
♪ WITH THE KIDS
JINGLE BELLING ♪
♪ AND EVERYONE TELLING YOU
BE OF GOOD CHEER ♪
SCOOTER, RELAX.
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG.
YOU ALWAYS OVERREACT.
REMEMBER
YOUR SUSPICIOUS MOLE
THAT WAS JUST A BLACK BEAN
FROM YOUR TACO?
WAIT FOR IT.
WHA--
♪ IT'S THE HAP-HAPPIEST
SEASON ♪
[ Off-key ] ♪ OF ALL ♪
OHH!
[ Normal voice ]
♪ WITH THOSE HOLIDAY GREETINGS
AND GAY, HAPPY MEETINGS ♪
[ Off-key ]
♪ WHEN FRIENDS COME TO CALL ♪
[ Normal voice ]
♪ IT'S THE HAP-HAPPIEST SEASON ♪
[ Off-key ]
♪ OF ALL ♪
SOUNDS LIKE A CAT
DROWNING ANOTHER CAT --
AND NEITHER ONE OF THEM
CAN SING.
HUSH!
SHE'S OBVIOUSLY RELEASING
THE EVIL SPIRITS FROM HER SOUL.
STAY STRONG, SISTER!
WE KNOW IT HURTS.
CAN SAY THAT AGAIN.
[ Off-key ] ♪ LONG AGO ♪
SCOOTER, YOU TOLD ME
SHE COULD SING.
I-I SAID SHE COULD SING,
NOT THAT SHE COULD SINGWELL.
LIKE, ICAN BEATBOX,
BUT I'M NOT AMAZING AT IT.
[ BEATBOXING ]
WHOA! THAT WAS
MY BEST ONE EVER.
OH, BOY.
HEY, GUYS.
THAT FELT A LITTLE OFF.
DID YOU FEEL THAT?
UH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH, MM-HMM.
WE WERE JUST, UH,
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
OKAY, WHAT IS GOING ON
WITH THE BAND?
THE BAND?!
YEAH,
I LOVE THE BAND.
I LOVE THEIR ENERGY,
I LOVE THEIR LITTLE OUTFITS,
BUT I THINK THEY'RE BAD.
UH...
THEY COULDN'T FOLLOW ME.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
I CAN SING.
RIGHT. RIGHT.
YEAH.
I SING ALL THE TIME,
AND THE PEOPLE
WHO WORK FOR ME
TELL ME I'M AMAZING.
OKAY, UH, MAYBE
YOU'D BE MORE COMFORTABLE
LETTING PIGGY
SING THE SONG BY HERSELF.
MM.
I'D BE MORE COMFORTABLE SINGING
IT FROM BRADLEY COOPER'S LAP,
BUT THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN, EITHER.
NO.
[ SIGHS ]
I GUESS I'LL JUST
POWER THROUGH IT.
[ Sighing ] YEAH.
SCOOTER,
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?!
THE SHOW GOES LIVE
IN 45 MINUTES.
FOZZIE WON'T GO ON, AND OUR
OPENING ACT IS A DISASTER!
ACTUALLY,
I THINK I HAVE
THE PERFECT SOLUTION
FOR THE OPENING ACT
THAT WILL WARM THE HEARTS
OF ALL OF OUR VIEWERS.
WHAT?
YEAH, JUST FOLLOW ME.
OH.
'TWAS THE NIGHT
BEFORE CHRISTMAS,
AND ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE,
NOT A CREATURE WAS STIRRIN',
NOT EVEN A MOUSE --
'CAUSE I TOLD HIM
TO SHUT UP!
[ GROANS ]
[ BLOWS ]
[ SHUDDERS ]
SURPRISINGLY TENDER,
HUH?
SO? SHOULD I CALL MY AGENT?
DID I GET THE GIG?
[ SIGHS ]
I THOUGHT
HE NAILED IT.
[ SIGHS ]
TIME FOR A SNACK.
SO, UH, WHO DID YOU GET
FOR SECRET SANTA?
YOLANDA!
[ CHUCKLES ]
REALLY?
YEAH, YEAH.
I GOT HER A BACKLESS JUMPSUIT.
WHOO-HOO!
THERE'S SOMETHING SEXY
ABOUT BEING ABLE
TO SEE A LADY'S BACK HAIR,
YOU KNOW?
HMM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HERE'S THE THING --
I'VE GOT YOLANDA.
SO THAT DEVIOUS LITTLE RODENT
IS LYING, OKAY?
AND THERE'S ONLY ONE REASON
FOR THIS --
HE HASME.
LIFE IS A CHESS GAME.
AND WHAT IS THE MOST POWERFUL
PIECE ON THE BOARD?
THE PRAWN.
HMM.
WELL...
THE SWEATER'S
DEFINITELY UGLY.
MM.
BUT IS IT UGLY ENOUGH
TO WEAR
TO GEORGE CLOONEY'S
UGLY CHRISTMAS SWEATER PARTY?
[ GASPS ]
TRUST ME, PIGGILY.
I'LL MAKE IT UGLY ENOUGH
TO WEAR TO THE PARTY.
BUT, APPARENTLY, NOT UGLY ENOUGH
TO BE YOUR PLUS-ONE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
Piggy: HMM?
OKAY, PIGGY, WHAT IS
THIS CRISIS ABOUT YOUR NAILS?
OH, KERMIT, THE NEW MANICURIST
IS A DISASTER.
HOW CAN I GO ONSTAGE
WITH NAILS LIKETHIS?!
WELL, YOU'RE WEARING GLOVES.
NO ONE CAN SEE YOUR NAILS.
AND THAT'S A REASON
TO GET LAZY?
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, PIGGY, I-I JUST DON'T HAVE
TIME FOR THIS RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
FOZZIE'S GIRLFRIEND
BROKE UP WITH HIM,
AND HE'S TOO UPSET
TO DO THE SHOW.
GAH! WOMEN!
GAH! MEN!
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST TALK TO HIM?
YOU'RE HIS BEST FRIEND.
I TRIED, BUT HE SAID
I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW HE FEELS
BECA--
UH, BECAUSE [CLEARS THROAT]
YEAH?
WELL, BECAUSE I'VE NEVER
BEEN BROKEN UP WITH.
OH! YOU SHOULD TRY IT!
IT'S A REAL HOOT!
ESPECIALLY
WHEN YOU HAVE TO SEE
THAT PERSON'S GREEN FACE
EVERY DAY AT WORK.
HMM.
SHE'S TALKING ABOUTYOU.
UH, YEAH, I KNOW.
I PUT THAT TOGETHER.
BUT, IN THE SPIRIT
OF CHRISTMAS,
I SHALL HELP
YET ANOTHER POOR SOUL
WITH MY HARD-WON WISDOM.
SEND FOZZIE TO ME.
REALLY? AW, THANKS, PIGGY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY, KERMIT.
YEAH?
MINDY KALING'S WAITING FOR YOU
IN THE WRITERS ROOM.
OKAY.
[ GASPS ] SCOOTER!
HMM?
YOUR SWEATER'S HIDEOUS!
I MUST HAVE IT.
BUT MY MOM MADE IT FOR ME
FOR CHRISTMAS!
TAKE IT OFF.
[ Sighing ] OH, OKAY.
IF THIS IS WHAT IT TAKES
TO GET AHEAD IN SHOW BUSINESS...
[ GRUNTING ]
[ "O TANNENBAUM" PLAYS ]
[ SIGHS ]
OHH! WHA!
SOUR CREAM AND ONION
PRINGLE?
THEY'RE SHAPED
LIKE THE HUMAN TONGUE.
I'M FINE, THANK YOU.
SOMETIMES I LICK THE COATING OFF
AND THEN THROW THE REST AWAY.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
KEEP IT MOVING, SON.
KEEP IT MOVING.
DO YOU SOMETIMES
SEE NUMBERS AS COLORS?
WHAT?
I DO.
FOR EXAMPLE,
4 IS BLUE.
I REALIZED
I HAD THIS TALENT
WHEN I WAS YELLOW-AND-A-HALF
YEARS OLD.
WHAT IN THE WORLD
ARE YOU TALKING ABOU--
EXCUSE ME.
UH, UH, UH, JANICE!
UH, MERRY --
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!
WELL, I'VE GOT ALL
THE SOUR CREAM AND ONION FLAVOR
WITH NONE
OF THE CALORIES.
LIFE HACK.
[ LAUGHS SLURPILY ]
[ SIGHS ]
SO, WE WERE THINKING,
MINDY,
YOU KNOW, CHRISTMAS SONGS
ARE SO OVERDONE.
I-I MEAN, WHEN YOU GO SHOPPING,
WHAT DO YOU HEAR?
UM, LIKE...
"MINDY, WE LOVE YOU!
WE'RE OBSESSED WITH YOU!"
UH, YEAH, NO, NO, I MEANT,
LIKE, OVER THE SPEAKERS.
OH, OKAY.
UM, LIKE...
[Muffled] "UH, AISLE 3,
IS THAT MINDY KALING?
WE'RE OBSESSED WITH YOU.
YOU'RE OUR HERO.
YOU'RE OUR BEST FRIEND."
THAT HAPPENED TO ME AT TARGET
TWICE.
T-THAT'S GREAT,
BUT, UH, YOU KNOW,
W-WE THINK YOU'RE ONE
OF THE FUNNIEST PEOPLE WE KNOW.
Gonzo: YEAH.
SO AS AN ALTERNATIVE
TO THE SONG,
HERE'S A COMEDY SKETCH
YOU WOULD KNOCK OUT OF THE PARK.
GONZO!
OKAY, SO, YOU'VE HEARD
OF "THE BACHELORETTE."
MM-HMM.
WELL, THIS IS
"THE BACHELOR-ELVES."
IT'S 20 HOT, TINY GUYS
FIGHTING FOR YOUR LOVE.
OOH, A PUNAND A PARODY --
I LIKE IT.
YEAH, SO, YOU HAVE
YOUR BRO-EY WALL STREET ELF.
OH! WORK HARD,
PLAY HARD, BABY.
KA-CHING!
[ LAUGHS ]
AND YOU GOT
YOUR HOT UNEMPLOYED-ACTOR ELF.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
I HAVE AN AUDITION TODAY...
FOR YOUR LOVE.
OOH.
OH, AND, UH,
WE'RE OUT OF THE TILAPIAS.
[ LAUGHS ]
MORE! MORE, MORE!
I WANT TO SEE MORE.
YEAH, MORE, MORE, MORE!
AHOY, THERE!
I'M A SAILOR RAT
WHO'S ALSO A SINGLE DAD.
I'LL CRY
ABOUT MISSING MY KID,
AND THEN
I'LL TRY TO KISS YA!
[ LAUGHS ]
THIS IS FANTASTIC,
GUYS!
A SKETCHAND A SONG --
THAT'S GREAT.
OH, OH, I WISH,
BUT, UH, UNFORTUNATELY, MINDY,
WE ONLY HAVE TIME
FORONE.
YEAH.
OH.
THEN I'LL SING.
HMM?
I MEAN, PEOPLE WHO TUNE IN --
THEY WANT TO SEE ME SING, SO...
UH...
THANKS, GUYS.
THIS WAS REALLY FUN.
YEAH.
BUT...YOU --
AND THEN YOU GOT
YOUR ELF PERSONAL TRAINER!
[ SIGHS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
WHERE SHE GO?
SHE LEFT.
BUT...
WELL,
I'M LIKING THESE MUS-CLES.
YEAH, FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN YOUR LIFE,
YOU DON'T LOOK
LIKE SUCH A SHRIMP.
[ LAUGHS ]
OHH! AAH!
[ THUD ]
SO, FOZZIE,
I HEARD WHAT HAPPENED.
AND FROM ONE BROKEN HEART
TO ANOTHER,
I KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEED.
A HUG?
NO.
OH, NO!
NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO!
NO.
WHEN KERMIT BROKE UP
WITH ME,
THERE WAS ONLY ONE THING
THAT MADE ME FEEL BETTER.
A HUG.
NO. WILL YOU STOP
WITH THE HUGS ALREADY?
I'M TALKING ABOUT...
STUFF.
DEADLY?
AH.
TA...DA!
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S STUFF!
GUARANTEED
TO LIFT YOUR SPIRITS!
HERE -- HAVE A CHEESE BASKET
OR A CASHMERE BLANKET
OR -- DEADLY, WHAT ELSE
CAN HE GO HOME WITH?
THIS DELUXE CORDLESS
NECK MASSAGER FROM DreamRub.
SOOTHING ELECTRONIC FINGERS
WORK WONDERS
WITH SIX SPEEDS
AND THREE PULSATING LEVELS.
THERE'S NO PLACE
FOR TENSE MUSCLES TO HIDE.
FROM DreamRub.
[ VIBRATING ]
OH! NG-NG-NG-NG-NG-NG!
HOW DO YOU FEEL NOW?
[ Voice shaking ]
I MI-I-I-SS BECKY-Y-Y-Y!
OH, COME ON, FOZZIE.
COUPLES BREAK UP AND GET
BACK TOGETHER ALL THE TIME.
THAT'S WHY
KAY JEWELERS OFFERS
THEIR "I'M SORRY AGAIN"
COLLECTION.
SO...YOU'RE SAYING THERE'S
STILL HOPE FOR ME AND BECKY?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT IF YOU
STILL CARE ABOUT HER,
FIGHT TO GET HER BACK.
LET HER KNOW YOU'RE WILLING
TO WORK ON THINGS.
BUT IF THAT'S
ALL IT TAKES,
HOW COME YOU AND KERMIT
NEVER GOT BACK TOGETHER?
I'M SURE
YOU FOUGHT FORHIM.
OH, CAN OF WORMS, FOZZIE --
CAN OF WORMS.
IT WAS
A COMPLICATED SITUATION.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW,
REGARDING MY CAREER...
YES.
...AND CELEBRITY...
INDEED.
...AND WHERE I AM.
WHICH IS ALONE.
NOW ALL YOU HAVE
IS YOUR STUFF.
CAN...OPEN.
WORMS...EVERYWHERE.
ALONE IN A HOUSE IN ASPEN
WITH MY OWN SHOW.
THAT DOESN'T KEEP YOU WARM
AT CHRISTMAS.
[ GASPS ]
AND YOU DON'T WANT
THE SAME FOR ME!
THAT IS SO SWEET.
THANKS, PIGGY.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
[ HURRIED FOOTSTEPS ]
OH, DEADLY.
IDIDN'T FIGHT
FOR KERMIT.
WAS I TOO PROUD?
AND NOW IT'S TOO LATE.
HE'S MOVED ON, AND...
NOW IAM ALONE
AT CHRISTMAS.
[ SIGHS ]
CHEESE?
YEAH.
THERE YOU GO.
HEY, YO, PEPE, I'M GONNA
GO GIVE YOLANDA HER GIFT.
OH, STOP WITH THIS CHARADE,
OKAY, AND JUST GIVE ME THE GIFT.
WHAT?!
YEAH, I HAVE YOLANDA,
OKAY?
NO!
YOU DE YOLANDEE?
YO DE YOLANDEE.
OH, NOW THE GUY WITH
THE FUNNY ACCENT HAS YOLANDA?
UNH-UNH!
I HAVE YOLANDA.
I GOT HER SLIPPERS
WITH HEADLIGHTS
SO SHE CAN HAVE
HER MIDNIGHT SNACK IN SAFETY.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
OKAY, RAISE YOUR HAND
IF YOU HAVE YOLANDA.
I DID.
ME TOO.
SO DID I.
Rizzo:
[ GASPS ] WHA...
OKAY. I-I THINK EVERYONE HERE
KNOWS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED.
SO...PLEASE TELL ME,
BECAUSE I'M TOTALLY LOST.
OBVIOUSLY, SHE RIGGED IT
TO GET ALL THE GIFTS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
CLEVER GIRL.
OH. MAYBE SHE WASN'T HAPPY
WITH LAST YEAR'S GIFT.
SO, THEN...
WHO HAD YOLANDA LAST YEAR?
[ ALL MURMURING ]
POOR YOLANDA.
WE LEFT HER OUT.
AY-YI-YI.
WHOOPIE!
IT WASN'T ME THIS YEAR.
[ LAUGHS ]
THERE SHE IS,
EVERYBODY.
OH, HERE WE GO.
I'M BUSTED.
HEY, HEY, HEY,
JUST SO YOU ALL KNOW,
I GREW UP
WITHOUT A FAMILY,
DREAMING OF THE DAY
I COULD HAVE A REAL CHRISTMAS.
OKAY,
THAT'S A LIE, TOO.
I HAD A HUGE FAMILY
AND A VERY HAPPY CHILDHOOD.
I JUST MAKE BAD CHOICES.
HEY, YOLANDA, WE REALIZED
YOU WAS OVERLOOKED LAST YEAR,
SO WE HOPE
THIS MAKES UP FOR IT.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
WHAT?!
All: MERRY CHRISTMAS!
THERE YOU GO.
I HOPE YOU LIKE IT.
HAPPY CHRISTMAS,
YOLANDA.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IT'S A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!
YOU GUYS ARE THE SWEETEST
FRIENDS A GIRL COULD EVER HAVE.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
I LOVE YOU GUYS!
[ MEEPING ]
AND THERE'S GIFT RECEIPTS
IN ALL THESE, RIGHT?
FIVE MINUTES TO AIR.
THANKS, BOBO.
HEY, KERMIT!
HMM?
SANTA'S BACK!
FOZZIE! WOW!
PIGGY MUST HAVE
REALLY CHEERED YOU UP.
YEAH, TURNS OUT THINGS
WEREN'T AS BAD AS I THOUGHT.
I CALLED BECKY AND TOLD HER
I'D DO ANYTHING TO GET HER BACK.
WE HAD A GREAT CONVERSATION,
AND I DIDN'T JOKE AROUND ONCE.
WELL, THAT'S GREAT,
FOZZIE.
WELL, MAYBE ONCE.
I MADE A SILLY FACE.
BUT SHE COULDN'T SEE ME.
I WAS ON THE PHONE.
OHH! WELL, OF COURSE.
LISTEN, THAT'S GREAT.
LET'S DO THIS SHOW, HUH?
YEAH!
OH, GOOD.
HEY, KERMIT!
PIGGY'S HAVING
AN EMOTIONAL CRISIS
AND SAID
SHE WON'T BE DOING THE SHOW!
WHAT?! W-WHAT KIND
OF EMOTIONAL CRISIS?!
I DON'T KNOW --
SHE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT
WORK/LIFE BALANCE
AND HOW THE SHOW WON'T
KEEP HER WARM AT CHRISTMAS
AND ANOTHER THING
ABOUT GOUDA BEING HER SOUL MATE.
SCOOTER, WE DON'T HAVE A SHOW!
EXCUSE ME!
WHA --
WHAT DO YOU -- I --
[ SIGHS ]
FOUR MINUTES TO AIR.
AAH!
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ PIGGY CHEWING ]
UH, HEY, PIGGY,
THE SHOW'S ABOUT TO...START.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
WHAT HAPPENED IN HERE?
[ Muffled ] I WAS UPSET,
SO I HAD A LITTLE BRIE.
HUH?
AND A LITTLE HAVARTI.
UH-HUH.
AND...SOME CHEDDAR.
MAYBE
A BIT OF CAMEMBERT.
ANYWAY [GULPS]
YOU CAN BLAME FOZZIE.
HE'S THE REASON
WHY I'M SO UPSET.
FOZZIE?
BUT FOZZIE'S FINE.
I-I MEAN, HE SPOKE TO BECKY,
AND IT'S ALL GONNA WORK OUT.
I KNOW, BUT I CAN'T
STOP THINKING --
WHAT IF HE'D BEEN...
TOO PROUD TO MAKE THAT CALL?
BUT HEDID MAKE
THE CALL.
I KNOW,
BUT WHAT IF TIME WENT BY
AND THEY NEVER
GOT BACK TOGETHER?
YEAH, BUT THEYARE
BACK TOGETHER.
I KNOW,BUT...
WHAT IF SHE HAD...
MOVED ON TO SOMEONE ELSE?
AND THEN HE HAD TO...
JUST BE ALONE...
AT CHRISTMAS?
OH.
I SEE.
UH...WELL, YOU KNOW,
IN THAT CASE,
UH, FOZZIE A-AND BECKY --
YOU KNOW,
THEY'D STILL BE FRIENDS,
SO THEY WOULDN'T
REALLY BE ALONE.
I GUESS SO.
HMM.
YOU KNOW, PIGGY...
THERE ARE PEOPLE
ALL OVER THE WORLD ALONE.
YOU KNOW?
SITTING ON THEIR COUCHES
ALL BY THEMSELVES...
UNTILYOU COME ON THEIR TV
AND MAKE THEM FEEL LIKE
THEY HAVE A FRIEND.
I DO HAVE AN ABILITY
TO CONNECT EVEN VIA SATELLITE.
MM-HMM.
OR CABLE OR HULU.
YEAH.
iTUNES, THE CLOUD.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
AND, UH...
WELL...
THAT'S WHY
YOU WERE MY FAVORITE SHOW
LONG BEFORE
YOU WERE ON TV.
[ GASPS ]
YOU WEREMY FAVORITE SHOW,
TOO, KERMIE.
MM. MM.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
Bobo: 30 SECONDS TO AIR.
30 SECONDS TO AIR.
30 SECONDS TO AIR?!
RUN! AAAH!
AAH! COME ON!
[ "IT'S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME
OF THE YEAR" PLAYS ]
♪ IT'S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME
OF THE YEAR ♪
♪ WITH THE KIDS
JINGLE BELLING ♪
♪ AND EVERYONE TELLING YOU
BE OF GOOD CHEER ♪
THE GOOD NEWS IS, I FIGURED OUT
THE MINDY SITUATION.
♪ ...TIME OF THE YEAR ♪
NO ONE SHOULD BE ALONE
AT CHRISTMAS.
♪ IT'S THE HAP-HAPPIEST SEASON
OF ALL ♪
♪ WITH THOSE HOLIDAY GREETINGS
AND GAY, HAPPY MEETINGS ♪
♪ WHEN FRIENDS COME TO CALL ♪
♪ IT'S THE HAP-HAPPIEST SEASON
OF ALL ♪
YOU KNOW, WALDORF, THIS IS
MY FAVORITE TIME OF THE YEAR.
ME TOO.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
IT'S CHRISTMAS?
HUH.
♪ THERE'LL BE PARTIES
FOR HOSTING ♪
♪ MARSHMALLOWS FOR TOASTING ♪
♪ AND CAROLING OUT IN THE SNOW ♪
♪ THERE'LL BE
SCARY GHOST STORIES ♪
♪ AND TALES OF THE GLORIES ♪
♪ OF CHRISTMASES
LONG, LONG AGO ♪
UH...OKAY.
♪ IT'S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME
OF THE YEAR ♪
♪ THERE'LL BE
MUCH MISTLETOEING ♪
♪ AND HEARTS WILL BE GLOWING ♪
♪ WHEN LOVED ONES ARE NEAR ♪
♪ IT'S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME ♪
♪ YES,
THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME ♪
♪ OH, THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME ♪
♪ OF THE YEAR ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
Kermit: YOU KNOW, THE ONLY
HARD PART OF THE HOLIDAYS
IS, UH,
ALL THE CONFUSING FEELINGS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
BUT A COUPLE WEEKS OFF, THOUGH,
SO, UH...
THAT'S REALLY GOOD NEWS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YAY!
[ CHUCKLES, CLEARS THROAT ]
♪ YOU MAKE ME SING
OOH, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ YOU MAKE A GIRL GO OOH ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT AEROSMITH
TO PLAY OUR CHRISTMAS PARTY.
AND STEVEN TYLER
LOOKS FANTASTIC!
NO, MAN,
THAT'S NOT AEROSMITH.
THAT'SECHOSMITH.
UH,THIS IS AEROSMITH.
Y'OH! WOW!
I SEE.
EVERYTHING OKAY THERE,
BUDDY?
YEAH.
I JUST HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE
WITH A SPRIG OF MISTLETOE.
OH!
I GOT INTO SOME OF THAT
LAST YEAR
AND ENDED UP SPENDING CHRISTMAS
IN URGENT CARE.
I KNOW -- DOGS AREN'T
SUPPOSED TO EAT IT,
BUT IT'S BERRIES AND LEAVES
AND JUST SO DELICIOUS.
You, uh...
You got any on ya?
NO, I --
OKAY, NO PROBLEM.
NO PROBLEM.
SORRY.
UH, HEY, SAM.
JANICE!
WHERE DID --
I DIDN'T --
AY! AYYYY!
HI.
UM,
I JUST WANTED TO SAY
THAT I, LIKE, SAW YOU
HANGING OUT WITH CHIP EARLIER.
AND I KNOW
HE HAS TROUBLE MAKING FRIENDS,
SO THAT WAS, LIKE,
TOTALLY SWEET OF YOU.
MWAH!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
♪ I'M IN LOVE, LOVE ♪
[ Voice breaking ]
GOD BLESS CHRISTMAS.